This is a ruby on rails project I'm working on for my CIS 196 Ruby on Rails web development course. The idea
is to replicate a website I made in high school - hearyourhistory.com - but better looking and more functional.



2/16 HW 4

heroku URL -->  http://ancient-mountain-1623.herokuapp.com/

schema:

User 
	-account_name (string)
	-password (string)
	-email (string)
	-location (string)
	-age (integer)
Video
	-File (string)
	-User_id belongs to User
	-#likes belongs to ... will be implemented later
	-Name (string)
Comments
	-User_id belongs to User
	-Comment (text)
	-#Likes belongs to ... will be implemented later
	-Video belongs to Video


I setup the schema and made links so you can make a user, list all users, post videos, list videos, make comments, and list all comments. I setup the schema with Jenny at office hours so everything went well then. However, I ran into a couple roadblocks setting up the links etc. I struggled for a while but eventually found out that I used comments and comment in the wrong places.

2/20 HW 5
heroku url --> http://ancient-mountain-1623.herokuapp.com/

Updated users, videos, and comments to have edit, show, and delete functions


3/3 HW 6
heroku url --> http://ancient-mountain-1623.herokuapp.com/

Updated app to use the devise gem. Now users can login/logout, videos and comments are automatically attributed to signed in user
using hidden fields. Uses default devise functionality for password. Also made sure hackers can't manipulate html on live site.
I ran into a few errors with accepting additional fields to the defaults for devise. Also, I had some trouble installing the 
devise migration properly.


3/24 HW 8
heroku url --> http://ancient-mountain-1623.herokuapp.com/

Included email as a heroku addon -- used the sendgrid addon. Sends user an email if their video was commented on. Starting to play around with different addons that support videos (youtube_it and filepicker). Ran into trouble with maintaining consistency of comment vs comments, ommitted a route in config/routes, and a difficult to trace type in 'productios'
I initially tried to use filepicker and youtube_it but had too much trouble to fully implement it. Will try to implement with next chance.

3/24 HW 8
heroku url --> http://ancient-mountain-1623.herokuapp.com/

Included email as a heroku addon -- used the sendgrid addon. Sends user an email if their video was commented on. Starting to play around with different addons that support videos (youtube_it and filepicker). Ran into trouble with maintaining consistency of comment vs comments, ommitted a route in config/routes, and a difficult to trace type in 'productios'
I initially tried to use filepicker and youtube_it but had too much trouble to fully implement it. Will try to implement with next chance.

4/6 HW 9
Added queries:
Videos controller - added where, limit, and order to change show method. 
Video page shows up to 4 comments for that video sorted in reverse cronological order.


4/21 HW10
Added javascript
Able to toggle hide/show comments on any video page
Used script on html of every page to highlight the appropriate nav-bar button
Had a lot of trouble highlighting the appropriate nav-bar button, but used this workaround to solve it. It's not the most elegant solution, but we couldn't find anything to better implementent the desired behavior.



4/28
Added upload care to handle videos. Cloned my repo so that I could get a clean slate because I had an issue with devise. Turned out to be an issue with a chrome add-on I had. 
New heroku --> http://whispering-stream-5429.herokuapp.com/




5/9/14
heroku url --> http://whispering-stream-5429.herokuapp.com/

Final CIS196 Submission-
The app is similar to youtube in functionality. It is meant to be a video sharing site. You can share your own videos or watch and comment on other people's videos. 
Ruby gems- 
devise (user account registration and session creation, sign in, sign up, edit)
https://github.com/plataformatec/devise

heroku addons- 
sendgrid (emails, sends a user an email if someone comments on their video)
https://sendgrid.com/
uploadcare (upload, storage, and playback for videos)
https://uploadcare.com/

Javascript is used to show/hide comments under a video and highlight nav-bar buttons after clicking

Ran into many problems with javascript. Very difficult to get nav-bar to highlight the appropriate button. Also had a hard time finding a good fit for a video addon. Some of the first ones I used were either paid or only handled one of upload, storage, editing, playback. 
Still run into errors sometimes with writing path names, variable names etc. although these errors are becoming drastically less frequent and easier solved on my own
Looking back now it's difficult to remember the biggest roadblocks I had. Although I know had many and frequent issues that I often couldn't solve after playing around with them for even an hour. 